{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14980\viewh14520\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Thanks for purchasing Cruncher! I really appreciate your support and hope you find it to be a valuable tool when using Unity.\
\
If you have any questions, please email us at support@realworldunity.com\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Basic Concepts
\b0 \
Cruncher reduces the polygons used in a mesh by eliminating a single vertices at a time, choosing the vertices that will impact the overall quality the least. As you reduce the quality, Cruncher will eliminate more and more vertices until the mesh is almost unrecognizable, but it will always try to maintain the overall shape and volume of the mesh.\
\

\b Usage
\b0 \
To use Cruncher you select an asset or game object that contains a mesh or skinned mesh, then run "Convert Selection\'85" from the GameObject/Cruncher menu to convert the object. Cruncher will create a new asset and mesh if it needs to, and then link itself to the original and new meshes. It will also add a controller to allow modification of the mesh in the inspector.\
\

\b Convert Selection
\b0 \
The convert selection window is the tool that is used to create the assets and meshes and setup their initial values. When you select an input asset or game object that is suitable for Cruncher the menu under GameObject/Cruncher/ConvertSelection\'85 will become active. When chosen, it opens the configuration window.\
\
In the configuration window you can choose the suffix that will be added to the file name if an asset is created. Additionally, you can generate multiple versions of each asset by changing the number of LOD levels to generate. For each LOD, you can choose to set a target quality or quantity.\
\
Target Quality is used to set the range of quality based on a percentage. A quality of 1.0 means that no reduction will take place and the original mesh will be used. A quality of 0.0 means the simplest, lowest polygon mesh possible while still maintaining a closed volume.\
\
Target Quantity is used to set the actual number of polygons desired. The actual resulting quantity may be slightly different than the target amount if Cruncher can't achieve the desired result, but it will be as close as possible.\
\

\b Editing in the Inspector
\b0 \
Once a game object has generated by Cruncher, you can modify it as needed. Click on the game object and in the inspector you will see that you can adjust the quality and quantity of the mesh. Additionally you can enable Live Preview and see the changes in realtime. If you mesh is too large, or you're not using Live Preview for some other reason, you can always click the "Preview Changes" button to update the game object and see the result. Once you're happy with the result, you can either "Apply" the changes and the asset will be updated on disk, or you can "Revert" changes and it will read back the previous asset from disk.\
\

\b Absolute and Relative Adjustments
\b0 \
When adjusting you can choose Absolute or Relative. Absolute means it will overwrite any existing settings, whereas Relative means it will add the adjustment, positive or negative, to the current setting for each game object.\
\

\b Multiple Objects
\b0 \
Cruncher also supports hierarchies of models and each can be adjusted separately. When doing this, it's useful to use the Relative mode on the root so that you can preserve the individual settings for each child object.\
\

\b Types of Objects
\b0 \
Currently Cruncher supports static and skinned meshes. In the future we might support terrains and trees, but for now, only static and skinned meshes are supported.\
\

\b When Things Go Wrong
\b0 \
Cruncher is reasonably sophisticated software that requires native plugins to work efficiently. As a result, when things go wrong, they go really wrong. When the native plugin encounters errant data, it frequently crashes Unity and causes Unity to quit and you'll lose any unsaved work. It is highly recommended that you save your work and make backups before using Cruncher on complicated meshes. If Cruncher does cause Unity to crash, please let us know by sending an email to support@realworldunity.com and if you can, try to send us a link where we can download the asset that caused the problem so we can get it fixed right away.\
\
Thanks again for your support. We worked hard on Cruncher to make the most polished, stable and useful tool we could. We hope you enjoy using it.\
\
\
}