{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14180\viewh12440\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Thanks for purchasing Cruncher! I really appreciate your support and hope you find it to be a valuable tool when using Unity.\
\
If you have any questions, please email us at support@realworldunity.com\
\
A video tutorial can be found here:\
\
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GWymyI1oCNc\
\

\i Video Tutorial Note: In the video tutorial the Cruncher menu is in the menu bar, but it has been moved to the GameObject menu as a sub-menu.
\i0 \
\
1. Download the package from the Asset Store and import into your project.\
\
2. You can move/rename the "Cruncher" folder if you want, but you must not rename the "Plugins" folder as that is special and required by Unity to function properly.\
\
3. You should quit Unity and reopen your project to be sure Unity loads the native Cruncher plugin properly.\
\
4. Open the "Cruncher Tutorial Scene" in the Cruncher/Scenes folder.\
\
5. Click on the Dinosaur game object in the hierarchy window.\
\
6. In the menu bar, you should have a sub-menu under the GameObject menu called "Cruncher". Choose "Convert Selection\'85" in the menu.\
\
7. In this window you can change the number and properties of the assets that will be converted/generated. For now, just choose to generate 1 LOD. Press "Convert". A new asset will be created alongside the original model that is named the same as the original plus the suffix that was chosen. In addition, the game object in the scene is now linked to that prefab instead of the original model.\
\
8. Click on the game object, now called "Dinosaur LOD 0".\
\
9. In the inspector you can now see the Cruncher settings. Click "Live Preview" and then try dragging the Quality slider. You'll notice the mesh will automatically adapt and update.\
\
10. Once you have finished adjusting the game object, click "Accept" to update the mesh on disk and save it. Click "Revert" to undo the changes you made.\
}